1. Web browsers funcitons as a way to retrive information from the web and displays it on your desktop or mobile device. The most common 'web languages' are HTML, Java Script, and CSS. It allows the browser to translate it and render to the intended layout that the creator desires. Throughout the years wen browsers evolved a lot to handle more funcitons such as online payments and tabbed browsing.
2. DOM or -Document Object Model- is a cross platfrom that represents the data displaied in a tree structure. Like, Java script it can modify the content. It can also help to find incorrect or correct valid HTML for troubleshooting or rendering. 
3. The difference between HTML,XML, XHTML, is the different types of architeture. HTML is the most used web language. Its purpsoe is providing structure and a pages content. XML descirbes document nodes. It is mainly used on email platforms. It supprots information exchange between computer systems, data bases and third party applications. XHTML combines both HTML and XML. It is almost identical to HTML, but it makes sure that documents are marked correctly. It is mainly used to develop web based and android based applications.
4. The 4 HTML elemtns you need is a Doc type decleration, a root element, a head element, and a body element. 
5. The index html page is for is to requet a index html from the host server. There can be many of these files but as long as there is one index file at the very top it is the homepage of the site. 
6. Some best naiming practices is having an underscore as spaces. Include numbers if it is going to be a repative file.
